Question 1 - HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
1. HTTP1.1 used Header file which is repeated and cannot be compressed
HTTP2 on the other hand allows compression of the header file. Also, in case the header is getting repeated, the system has 
a more effecient system to avoid sending it again and again.
2. HTTP1.1 is limited by 6 smultaneous connections. HTTP2 however has a single connection where there are multiple streams 
allowing multiple information to be transferred simultaneously.
3. HTTP2 has functions which automatically send the CSS and JS files without waiting for requests from the client unlike 
HTTP1.1 where there has to be request everytime


Question 2 - 5 Differences between Browser JS and Node JS - 
1. There are difference between existing default objects in Browser JS and Node JS due to their different objectives
2. Browser JS requires headers whereas Node is headless
3. In Node, the entire code must be kept in a module, whereas moduling is not 
necessary in Browsers
4. Node does not have document object cause it never has to render anything on a page
5. Node doesnt have a predefined Window ovjects cause it does not have a window
to draw anything, unlike the Browser where it is predefined global object with 
has functions and attributes dealing with the window that has to be drawn.

Question 3 - What happens when you type a URL in the address bar in the browser
Below steps -
1. The browser checks the cache for a DNR record to find the corresponding IP 
address - first it checks browser cache, then OS cache, then router cache, and then
lastly if it is still unable to locate then, ISP cache. 
2. The broswer established TCP connection with the server
3. The browser sends HTTP request to the webserver. The request will be for the 
HTML file, CSS file and the JS file. 
5. The server handles the request out and HTTP response
6. The HTML file and CSS file will be processed by the Rendering machine, while
the JS file will be processed by the JS engine.
7. The browser displays the content.

Question 4 -  Write a write up on Difference between copy by value and copy by reference.
1. Copy by value takes place for a primitive data type where when we copy a value,
the copied variable, copies only the value but the two variables are not
connected to each other. So subsequently, if any further change takes place in any of the 
variable, it does not affect the other variable.
2. Copy by reference takes place for teh non-primitive data type where the values 
are not directly copied. Rather the language itself assigns to the same memory
location. Hence, since both the variables are pointing to the same memory location,
a change in value of one, will reflect in a change in the value of other as well.

Question 5 - How to copy by value a composite data type (array+objects)
There are three methods of copying by value of a composite data type - 
1. Spread syntax - Shallow Copy
2. Using the oject.assign method - Shallow Copy
3. Using the JSON.stringfy and JSON.parse method - Deep Copy

